
General Terms
    Our goal at Farm Bazaar,is to be an essential partner to our global agriculture and food industry customers; by exceeding your expectations through value-added & integrated information-driven services and solutions enabled by technology.  We aim to be a trusted, and objective source of information as you work in the agriculture and food industries, whether you work in the fields, or in an agribusiness.  We invite you to make the most of our services and feel confident while you are accessing our information online. This document provides the Terms of Use under which farmers and other agriculturalists, agricultural organizations , farmer bodies, corporate bodies  or any other citizens of India. 
	Please read these Terms of Use carefully before downloading, installing or using the App. Your access to and use of the App is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the App. By downloading, installing, accessing or using User acknowledges and agrees that he/she is legally competent and is entering into a legally binding contract with Farm Bazaar Agrisolutions Private Limited in respect to his/her use of the App which contract includes all Supplementary Terms.
	The User acknowledge and agree that a printed version of this contract and/or any electronic communication by Farm Bazaar Agrisolutions Private Limited shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this contract and/or your use of the App to same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
	The App has been prepared in and is downloadable in India in accordance with Indian law. If the App is accessed by User from outside India, User should ensure that such download is permissible and is in accordance with the laws of such jurisdiction..
	The User is responsible for all access to the App through his/her mobile device/login id and for bringing these Terms of Use to the attention of all such persons.
	The Use of the App does not include the provision of a mobile device or other necessary equipment to access it. To use the App, User will require Internet connectivity and appropriate telecommunication links. We shall not have any responsibility or liability for any telephone or other costs User may incur in this respect.
	The User shall not in any way use the App or submit to us or to the App or to any user of the App anything which in any respect to following :-is in breach of any law, statute, regulation or byelaw of any applicable jurisdiction ;is fraudulent, criminal or unlawful ;is inaccurate or out-of-date; may infringe or breach the copyright or any intellectual property rights or privacy or other rights of us or any third party; may be contrary to our interests ;is contrary to any specific rule or requirement that we stipulate on the App
	The User agree not to access the App without authority, interfere with, damage or disrupt:-any part of the App; any equipment or network on which the App is stored; any software used in the provision of the App; or any equipment or network or software owned or used by any third party.
	The User hereby grants [Farm Bazaar] an irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide, assignable, sub-licensable license to use any material which User submit to us or the App for the purpose of use on the App or for generally marketing (by any means and in any media, including, but not limited to, on our website or in our journals) our services. The User agrees to waive his/her s moral rights to be identified as the author and we may modify User's submission.
	The User assumes sole responsibility for results obtained from the use of the App, and for conclusions drawn from such use. Subject to clauses below, we shall have no liability for any damage caused by errors or omissions in any information, instructions or scripts provided to us by User in connection with the App, or any actions taken by us at User's direction.
	You agree that you’re listing, posting and / or Other Available Informations:
	Shall “not be fraudulent, misrepresent, mislead or pertain to the sale of any illegal, counterfeit, stolen goods and / or services
	Shall not pertain to good , services of which you are not the lawful owner or you do not have the authority or consent to 'list' which do not belong to you or you do not have the authority for.
	Shall not infringe any intellectual property, trade secret, or other proprietary right or rights of publicity or privacy of any third party.
	Shall not distribute or contain spam, multiple / chain letters, or pyramid schemes in any of its forms.
	Shall not distribute viruses or any other technologies that may harm Farm Bazaar or the interests or property of Farm Bazaar users or impose an unreasonable load on the infrastructure or interfere with the proper working of Farm Bazaar.
	Shall not, directly or indirectly, offer, attempt to offer, trade or attempt to trade in any goods and services, the dealing of which is prohibited or restricted in any manner under the provisions of any applicable law, rule, regulation or guideline for the time being in force.
	Shall not be placed in a wrong category or in an incorrect area of the site.
	Shall not be placed in any other Farm Bazaar site except on the site that relates to the state/city in which you are located.
	Shall not list or post or pertain to information that is either prohibited or restricted under the laws of the Republic of India and such listing, posting or information shall not violate Farm Bazaar’s Listing Policy.
	You consent to receive communications by email, call or by such other mode of communication, electronic or otherwise related to the services provided through the website. Farm Bazaar is not liable for any legal disputes between buyer or seller or Renter. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, you are legally agreeing to this.
 	You legally agree that your listing, posting and / or Information: if you use the Site by registering on the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your User ID, password, email address and for restricting access to your computer, computer system, computer network and your Farm Bazaar account, and you are responsible for all activities that occur under your User ID and password.
	You legally agree that all the information you are posting here or Viewing here is for information only. It is your/User/Viewer responsibility to check the originality/effectiveness of information. Farm Bazaar is just a platform that allows users to post their data for own benefits. Farm Bazaar is not liable for any legal disputes arising directly/in-directly in any of the content provided in App/Website. You are solely/wholeheartedly agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.

Services
	The [Farm Bazaar] App is a mobile application where registered users would be able to access various information related to agriculture like weather forecasts, weather conditions, crop related advice and information, news on agricultural products and agriculture related information, market prices, Agricultural news and Events, Post Ad’s, Post Agricultural News.  The app may be upgraded from time to time with new features and services. The User is required to intimate itself about the latest feature and services available on the App. The information on the App may be out of date and Farm Bazaar makes no commitment to update these materials on the App. All these are for information and it’s user’s responsibility to check.
	The User agrees that [Farm Bazaar] may collate, compile, archive use, transfer, create databases out of or otherwise deal with User's personal data and use any part of it: (a) as reasonably necessary provide Service; (b) Service improvement and development of new products and/or services; (c) to inform and/or get in touch with Users about the availability of or engage in direct marketing efforts for newer products and/or services or Farm Bazaar or the App suppliers or counter parties (and for that purpose share Client or User's personal data with those third parties), unless User has in each case opted out of receiving such communications.  Farm Bazaar is not liable for any legal disputes arising directly/in-directly in any of the content provided in App/Website. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


Limitation of Liability
	We shall not be liable if for any reason the App is unavailable for any time or for any period. We make no warranty that User's access to the App will be uninterrupted, timely or error-free. While we endeavour to ensure that information and materials on the App are correct, no warranty or representation, express or implied, is given that they are complete, accurate, up-to-date, fit for a particular purpose and, to the extent permitted by law, we do not accept any liability for any errors or omissions. The User understands and hereby agree that, except as otherwise expressly stated and to the extent applicable by law, in no event will Farm Bazaar and its affiliates be liable to any user or any other party for any damages, including but not limited to direct, indirect, special, consequential, or exemplary damages. The User understands and agrees that its use of the App is conditioned upon your waiver of any right against Farm Bazaar and its affiliate, for damages or losses resulting from your use of the App. Farm Bazaar is not liable for any legal disputes arising directly/in-directly in any of the content provided in App/Website. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


Disclaimer of Warranties
	Farm Bazaar makes no warranties regarding the safety of the App and the accuracy of the content thereon. Each party represents and warrants that it shall perform its obligations so as to comply with applicable Central, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations. The users warrants that it own or otherwise have sufficient rights to grant the license granted to its proprietary material in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations including but not limited to any Indian patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret law or regulation.


Waiver
	Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.


Independence from Platforms
	The App is independent of any platform on which it is located. [Farm Bazaar] is not associated, affiliated, sponsored, endorsed or in any way linked to any platform operator, including, Apple, Google, Android or RIM Blackberry (each being an \"Operator\").The Download, installation, access to or use of the App by User is also bound by the terms and conditions of the Operator.


IPR Rights
	The [Farm Bazaar] Application, services and materials made available on the App, and their selection and arrangement inclusive of trademarks, service marks, information and content, whether registered or not, are the sole property of Farm Bazaar (\"Farm Bazaar Property\").The user acquires no right, titles or interest in any of the \"Farm Bazaar Property\". The User will not (and will not allow any third party to) copy, modify, or have any rights over Farm Bazaar property, except as expressly provided herein.


Privacy policy of Farm Bazaar
	If you are using our Site/App and other services, you confirm and declare that you shall not list or post or provide information in relation to the sale or purchase or exchange of goods and services, content or information that are illegal under the laws of the Republic of India and/or are not permitted as per the prohibited items policy listed below.


Type of Information Collected:
	When you visit the the site/App, we may collect certain non-personal information such as your Internet Protocol (\"IP\") address, operating system, browser type, and Internet service provider. This type of information does not identify you personally. When you register with the site, we may also collect personal information that you provide such as your name, mailing address, email address, phone/mobile number, home country, zip code, and certain other information in event you log in via Facebook, Google or other accounts depending on your privacy settings including but not limited to your name, email address, profile picture, list of friends, education etc. (\"Registration Information\"). You have the option of also providing to us your fax numbers, gender, age, and/or company name if you choose to register with Farm Bazaar. If you provide your phone number, it may be displayed in your posting. Further, if you have provided your phone number and posted an advertisement using your account, you agree to receive communications on the provided phone number from our side which may include but not be limited to automated calls or text messages. The communication may require you to confirm and verify that your account has been used to post the relevant advertisement on the site. We may also collect additional information that our users provide, such as new or deleted postings, new or deleted comments, keyword searches, scam reports and new contact sellers.
	We use a third-party payment gateway for purchases, and other third party companies to monitor site traffic, which may, in some instances, store your information. By using this site or the Service, you consent to collection, storage, and use of the personal information you provide for any of the services that we offer, and you consent to our collection of any changes or updates that you may provide to any information you provide that is collected by Farm Bazaar.
	By using this site, you consent to sharing your reallocation data in order to publish information/advertisements of advertisements offered by users close to your location and vice-versa. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


 Cookies:
	We may use cookies to manage our users’ sessions and to store preferences, tracking information, and language selection. Cookies may be used whether you register with us or not. \"Cookies\" are small text files transferred by a web server to your hard drive and thereafter stored on your computer. The types of information a cookie collects include the date and time you visited, your browsing history, your preferences, and your username. In some instances, our third-party service providers may use cookies on the site. We cannot control or access cookies used by third- party service providers.
	This Privacy Policy covers only Cookies used by us, and not any cookies used by third parties. You have the ability to either accept or decline the use of cookies on your computer, whether you are registered with us or not. Typically, you can configure your browser to not accept cookies. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


 Third Parties:
	We use third-party service providers to assist us in measuring purchases and sales on our site and generally improving our site and to monitor our users’ interests and activities. You hereby authorize Farm Bazaar and/or third party service providers engaged by Farm Bazaar to collect, use, store, analyze, reproduce, publish, and adapt (either on its own or through third party service provider) the information in relation to your use of the site for the purpose of data analysis and for improving your experience on the site. In addition, the site may occasionally contain links to Third-Party Sites or provide you information in relation to services that you may avail from any third parties.
	You acknowledge that this is solely undertaken by Farm Bazaar to improve your experience in relation to the use of the site and the provision of such services shall be subject to such additional terms and conditions of Farm Bazaar and/or third party service providers. Farm Bazaar may also offer for free or for a fee, deliverables produced by third party service providers in furtherance of any services that you may have availed from these third party service providers in connection with the advertisement posted on the site, without any obligation (monetary or otherwise) towards you.
	We are not responsible for the content of these Third- Party Websites or for the security of your personal information when you use the Third Party Websites. These third-party service providers and Third-Party Sites may have their own privacy policies governing the storage and retention of your personal information that you may be subject to. They may collect information such as your IP address, browser specification, or operating system.
	 This Privacy Policy does not govern personal information provided to, stored on, or used by these third-party providers and Third-Party Sites. We recommend that when you enter a Third-Party Site, you review the Third Party Site’s privacy policy as it relates to safeguarding your personal information. We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to the site and Third-Party Websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


 How Your Information is used:
	We may use information provided by you to: (i) enforce our Terms of Use, monitor user activity, such as keyword searches or new postings, and more effectively manage traffic on the site; (ii) provide customer services, create and manage user accounts; and (iii) assist you with technical difficulties. Also, we may share with third- party service providers certain information, such as your browser capabilities or operating system, that we have collected in order to better understand which advertisements and services may interest you. We may block users located in certain countries from using the site. We may retain such information for as long as is required to fulfill our business objective, even after your account is terminated. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


 Disclosures:
	On rare occasions, we may be required to disclose your personal information due to legal or regulatory requirements. In such instances, we reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required in order to comply with our legal obligations, including but not limited to complying with court orders, warrants, subpoenas, service of process requirements, or discovery requests. We may also disclose information about our users to law enforcement officers or others, in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce these Terms and/or Privacy Policy; respond to claims that any Content violates the rights of third-parties; or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Farm Bazaar, our users or the general public; or we are in notice of any criminal activity being conducted via the site You agree and acknowledge that we may not inform you prior to or after disclosures made according to this section. If substantially all of our assets are sold or merged into another company, the acquiring company shall be given access to your personal information without your consent. If we sell only a part of our business, the acquiring entity shall have access to your personal information without your consent and we may send you a notice regarding this sale. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


 Notification of Changes:
	We reserve the right to change these Terms from time to time, and at our sole discretion. We may send you a notice regarding material changes to these Terms, including the Privacy Policy or the site. You should make note of the \"last updated date\" at the beginning of the Terms. With this information, you should be able to identify if the Terms have been updated recently. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


 Consequences of Breach of Listing Policy:
	Users who violate the prohibited items policy and or the restricted items policy may be subject to the following actions
		1) Suspension or termination of membership.
    	2) Permanent blocking of access to the site.
   		3) Reporting to Law Enforcement or Appropriate Authorities.


Indemnification
	The User agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Farm Bazaar and its affiliates from any and all loss, damage or liability including reasonable attorney's fees arising from any third-party claim, action or allegations of infringement based on: information, content or data submitted by user in connection with the App; Its use of the App in breach of any term or condition in the User Agreement; any violation of an applicable law, regulation or rights of another including misrepresentation and fraudulent conduct; breach of User representations and warranties as set forth herein. By Downloading and installing the App/Viewing, You are solely/wholeheartedly/legally agreeing to this. If you disagree, you may choose to close from here.


Dispute Resolution
	Any dispute, difference or question which may arise at any time hereafter between the parties hereto and touching upon the true construction of this or rights and liabilities of the Parties hereto shall be resolved amicably according to the provisions of the Arbitration and Reconciliation Act, 1996 or any statutory modifications or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted in Mumbai. The language for such arbitration proceedings shall be English. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of India. Any disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be submitted to the jurisdiction of Salem Courts.


Entire Agreement
	These terms and conditions shall govern the relationship between Farm Bazaar and the User. Without any prior notice, the Entire agreement terms can be modified by Farm Bazaar Agrisolutions Pvt Limited. 


Contact us if you have any questions about these Terms.